Boy, didn't you say you were looking for a husband?
Why didn't you go look for it?
No, it's not my turn yet.
I've seen thick-skinned ones
I've never seen you so shameless
I don't think you dare at all
I don't want to tell you.
Go out first boy
I, the guardian of Amami, will come to chase you in person
That's all for your great face.
Amami Patronus
Even if you don't dare to bomb except
Boy what are you talking about are you kidding
Except that it is the confidant of the Wan family master
Under one person, ten thousand people are looking for bullets
How dare you say that?
Except why don't I dare
Let me see.
You, the richest man in Tianhai, can't do it soon
Boy, can you make it clear?
Today is my Wanjia Wanshang Conference
And I thank you all for coming.
Except for Mao
Receive the award of the head of the family
This time to Tianhai
Carry out this important task
Here we go.
I would like to invite an important person to the stage
It's always been you
Why are you ready to go on stage of course?
Is everything you said before true?
Next please
Master Wan Jie takes the stage
i